Translation corrections (#409)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_010_4.txt

	//r運送業者らしい張りのある声が、家の中にまで聞こえてくる。
		if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
		OutputLine(NULL, "運送業者らしい張りのある声が、家の中にまで聞こえてくる。",

> 				NULL, "I heard the firm voice of a deliveryman echo into the house.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, "I heard the firm voice of a deliveryman echoing through the house.", Line_Normal);
```
